*obli-vim.txt* Functionality for OBScript and CSE ScriptSync support

                   ____  __    ___     _    ___         
                  / __ \/ /_  / (_)   | |  / (_)___ ___ 
                 / / / / __ \/ / /____| | / / / __ `__ \
                / /_/ / /_/ / / /_____/ |/ / / / / / / /
                \____/_.___/_/_/      |___/_/_/ /_/ /_/ 
                                        
  Essential OBScript support including syntax highlighting, indentation,
          and ScriptSync supported features for advanced work.

==============================================================================
CONTENTS                                                    *oblivim-contents*

     1. Introduction |oblivim-intro|
     2. Usage |oblivim-usage|

==============================================================================
Section 1: Introduction *oblivim-intro*

OBScript is an internal scripting language for end mod developers. It is a
relatively simple language, and the vanilla function and feature set is
laughable for any modern game oriented language like Papyrus or Unity's C#
based language. OBSE, the Oblivion Script Extender, does exactly that and
provides a whole new host of features for mod developers. The list of new
features is broad. This increases the complexity in mods, and the Oblivion
development tool, the Construction Set, is unfit for this new complexity.

The Construction Set Extender, by shademe and others, brings a whole host of
new features, and the most important one is a true IDE for OBScript. It allows
genuine script development, and with the latest release it also allows for
external editors to be used semi-seamlessly. This plugin aims to not only
integrate itself with this external editor support but to also replicate as
many IDE features that are provided.

==============================================================================
Section 2: Usage                                               *oblivim-usage*

Standard syntax highlighting and indentation is provided for OBScript files.
The filetype is `obse` and works for `*.obl` text files by default. Basic
`*.esm` and `*.esp` file browsing is also supported for viewing. Manipulation
with these files is not supported.

This plugin can be used without any Construction Set Extender ScriptSync
support. By default this support is expected, but |g:ov_disable_cse| can be
set to `1` if this support is not desired

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 1a: ScriptSync Support                            *oblivim-scriptsync*

ScriptSync is a feature of Construction Set Extender that allows for external
text editor support with the IDE features provided by CSE. The support is
simple, through a log file that's generated by CSE, but does allow for more
advanced features that are desirable for more advanced development.

|oblivim-signs|
|signs| are a Vim/NeoVim feature that allow for basic script information to be
presented to the viewer. This plugin shows two types of sign, info and error.
These are the only two types of log information provided from
